# name, display name, item index, icon code
door_key,Door Key,1ad,default
shrine_key,Shrine Key,1ae,default
sky_key,Sky Key,1af,default
lake_key,Lake Key,1b0,default
ruby_key,Ruby Key,1b1,default
wind_key,Wind Key,1b2,default
cloud_key,Cloud Key,1b3,default
light_key,Light Key,1b4,default
sword_key,Sword Key,1b5,default
tree_key,Tree Key,1b6,default
flower_key,Flower Key,1b7,default
magma_key,Magma Key,1b8,default
heart_key,Heart Key,1b9,default
ghost_key,Ghost Key,1ba,default
trial_key,Trial Key,1bb,default
dankirk_key,Dankirk Key,1bc,default
basement_key,Basement Key,1bd,default
narcysus_key,Narcysus Key,1be,default
truth_key,Truth Key,1bf,default
mermaid_jade,Mermaid Jade,1c0,default
ancient_key,Ancient Key,1c2,default
vip_card,VIP Card,1c5,default
hook,Hook,1a7,default
bomb,Bomb,1a8,default
arrow,Arrow,1a9,default
fire_arrow,Fire Arrow,1aa,default
hammer,Hammer,1ab,default
